README.md, before:

## About Project

This is an example of simple API that implement submit data using POST method.

## Requirements

-   PHP >= 8.2
-   Composer >= 2.7.6
-   MySQL >= 8.0

## Installation

1. Clone the repository

```shell
git clone git@github.com:andripurnama/laravel-simple-api.git
```

2. Navigate to the project directory

```shell
cd simple-api
```

3. Install dependencies

```shell
composer install
```

4. Copy the `.env.example` file to `.env` and configure your environment variables:

```shell
cp .env.example .env
```

5. Generate an application key:

```shell
php artisan key:generate
```

5. Generate an application key:

```shell
php artisan key:generate
```

6. Setup your database credentials in your .env file:

```
DB_CONNECTION=mysql
DB_HOST=127.0.0.1
DB_PORT=3306
DB_DATABASE=your_database_name
DB_USERNAME=your_database_username
DB_PASSWORD=your_database_password
```

7. Migrate table :

```
php artisan migrate

```

8. Run job :

```
php artisan queue:listen
```

## Testing

To run tests for the API, execute the following command:

```
vendor/bin/phpunit-watcher watch
```

or you can try to use HTTP Client Application testing like postman or insomnia

Commit message:

docs: added run the project and the body request format

README.md, after:

## About Project

This is an example of simple API that implement submit data using POST method.

## Requirements

-   PHP >= 8.2
-   Composer >= 2.7.6
-   MySQL >= 8.0

## Installation

1. Clone the repository

```shell
git clone git@github.com:andripurnama/laravel-simple-api.git
```

2. Navigate to the project directory

```shell
cd simple-api
```

3. Install dependencies

```shell
composer install
```

4. Copy the `.env.example` file to `.env` and configure your environment variables:

```shell
cp .env.example .env
```

5. Generate an application key:

```shell
php artisan key:generate
```

5. Generate an application key:

```shell
php artisan key:generate
```

6. Setup your database credentials in your .env file:

```
DB_CONNECTION=mysql
DB_HOST=127.0.0.1
DB_PORT=3306
DB_DATABASE=your_database_name
DB_USERNAME=your_database_username
DB_PASSWORD=your_database_password
```

7. Migrate table :

```
php artisan migrate

```

8. Run job :

```
php artisan queue:listen
```

8. Run the project :

```
php artisan serve

```

## Testing

To run tests for the API, execute the following command:

```
vendor/bin/phpunit-watcher watch
```

or you can try to use HTTP Client Application testing like postman or insomnia with path http://localhost:8000/api/submit and the body use JSON format like this

```
{
    "name": "john doe",
    "email": "john.doe@example.com",
    "message": "This is a message test"
}

```
